doc: additional tip detailing missing `&kp` (#1933)
zmkfirmware/zmk: docs/docs/troubleshooting.md

In this example, the error string `DT_N_S_keymap_S_symbol_layer_P_bindings_IDX_12_PH_P_label` indicates a problem with the key binding in position `12` in the `symbol_layer` of the keymap.

:::info
Key positions are numbered starting from `0` at the top left key on the keymap, incrementing horizontally, row by row.
:::

:::tip

> A common mistake is to enter the keycodes directly without the leading `&kp` behavior. That is, having entries such as `SPACE` that should have been `&kp SPACE`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A common mistake that leads to this error is to use keycodes without the leading `&kp` behavior. That is, having entries such as `SPACE` that should have been `&kp SPACE`.
```

Author: Agreed! Thanks!

> A common mistake that leads to this error is to use keycodes without the leading `&kp` behavior. That is, having entries such as `SPACE` that should have been `&kp SPACE`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A common mistake that leads to this error is to use [key press keycodes](behaviors/key-press.md) without the leading `&kp` binding. That is, having entries such as `SPACE` that should have been `&kp SPACE`.
```
